Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
This city chose you
as their hero. Superman.
So come and fight for them.
Fight like a hero.
And die like one.
Henshaw.
Hank.
we don't have to be enemies.
-We fought together to...
-No!
I was defending my world
from an invasive species.
You took that world
from me. Superman.
You took my future.
And now I'm gonna take yours!
Jon. what did you mean
you thought we had more time?
In. in the future?
Cyborg Superman and his drones.
They destroy the world.
They...
destroy you.
And Dad.
But that's why Dr. Luthor
sent me back.
Wait. Dr. Luthor?
Yes! To help me save you.
The Lex Luthor
who turned Hank Henshaw
-into Cyborg Superman...
-Sent me back in time.
Jon. why didn't you tell me
all this?
It just all happened so fast.
When I got here.
it was all so...
alive.
My world is so different. Mom.
And when I saw you and Dad.
I-I'd never seen two people
so happy before
and I just wanted
to be a part of it.
At least for a moment.
Jon...
I won't let my future
happen to your world. Mom.
I'll fix it.
-How are we...
-I'm going to save Dad.
And you...
you need to stay here.
where it's safe.
No. you come back here
right now. Jonathan Kent!
Jon!
Pa. I need the truck.
I worked my whole life
to build a future for myself.
I fought. I trained.
And you just floated in
and took it all away.
All that sacrifice. and look
what I have to show for it.
Look what I've become.
Run! Get to safety.
Look how much he cares.
Look how much you matter to him.
Is the weight of our world
too much for you. Hero?
Jon!
Jon. you have to get back
to your mother. to safety...
No. Dad. I...
Get to the farm.
Dad. he's gonna kill you.
I came back to stop him
from killing you.
From killing everyone.
So in your future. I...
I wasn't able to stop him.
No one
was able to stop him.
All we could do was watch him.
Jon...
-I'm so sorry. I...
-This is my fight. Dad.
-If you stay here. if...
-I know.
But I can't leave you here
alone.
But. Dad. you'll...
"Dad?" You aliens are breeding.
I will never have a family.
But you get one?
I couldn't wait to kill you
in front of the world.
But now I get to kill you
in front of your son too.
Get away from them.
Jonathan! Kal-El!
Are you all right?
I'm fine. Kara. but...
You both have to get
out of here. It's not safe.
Especially you. Aunt Kara.
It doesn't have to be
this way. Hank.
You're better than this.
You're right.
I'm better than you.
This isn't your world. Superman.
It belongs to me.
Here. let me show you.
Hank. no.
I'll get that plane.
We will protect the city.
You can deal with him.
You've never really seen
what this body of mine can do.
I may be a freak.
but I'm faster than you.
I'm stronger than you.
I'm better than you.
Clark...
Do need these people
to like you that badly.
You aren't even
the same species.
Pathetic.
They didn't do anything. Hank.
They don't deserve this.
No one gets
what they deserve. Superman.
But you'll get
what you have coming.
Ah!
They're gonna wish they loved me
when they had the chance.
Not just a blip now. is it?
I suppose you think
we're even now?
Hmm. We're getting there.
Lex!
Now we're even.
You have to shut Hank down.
-No.
-What?
What is wrong with you?
You think you get to do
whatever you want.
Twice now. you've assaulted me.
'cause Superman
is always protecting you.
But who protects the rest of us?
We have to live in fear
of your alien boyfriend.
Do you feel safer now?
What do you think will happen
once Hank is done
with Superman. huh?
Who do you think
he'll go after next?
Time for the grand finale.
This isn't fun anymore.
It's time to die. Superman.
Are you trying
to control me again?
Lex?
Three more barriers.
and I'll have Henshaw.
Luthor. you weasel.
Lois.
Hank. please.
No.
Huh.
Keeping away from the
Kryptonite. huh?
Clever little vermin.
But not clever enough.
Jonathan Kent!
You cannot defeat Hank Henshaw
on your own.
We need a plan.
I can do this on my own. Kara.
I have to do this on my own.
Look. it's experimental
Kryptonite shielding.
It's just a prototype.
but with this. I can take him.
Kryptonite Resistance
is not enough.
He is still too strong.
Just stay here. out of range...
Ugh! No.
Why do you hate me.
Jonathan Kent.
What have I done
in the future that is so bad
that you will not meet my eyes?
Will not even stand
beside me in battle.
Oh. Aunt Kara. No. no. I-I...
You were the one who raised me.
When the world ended. you were
my teacher. my best friend.
You taught me
how to use my powers.
how to fight. how to be brave.
You showed me
that the world could be kind.
And then you died!
I...
I did all that?
You did! And I can't. I can't.
I can't lose you again.
And that's the truth. Aunt Kara.
Jonathan. Kal-El and Lois Lane
have a whole beautiful world
that loves them.
Their whole beautiful world
to protect.
It is not my world. but you...
You are my family.
Let me protect you.
Okay.
Together.
Where are they?
Let's get back on Mission.
Ah!
Huh? Come to die
for dear old dad?
Can't you wait your turn?
I need more. More.
More!
Why isn't the Kryptonite
affecting you?
Armor.
Let's take care of that.
Kara!
Oh. that's right.
You love her.
You think you're family.
But we all die alone.
Kara!
No!
Here. I'll show you.
You're holding up better
than your old man.
But how much more can you take?
No!
Ah!
Let's wrap this up.
I won't let you hurt
my family.
I won't let you destroy
our world.
You stole my future!
The future... belongs...
to everyone!
And I'm taking it back.
No.
If this is what it costs...
If I go down...
All of you go with me.
What?
Why doesn't the Kryptonite
hurt him like it hurts you?
His mother's from Earth.
He's...
human?
Impossible.
He's too old to be yours.
I came here from the future
to stop you.
No. You can't.
You... But I...
I was supposed to be the future.
But they chose you.
Aliens.
They made peace with you.
Fell in love with you.
You're the future now.
And I...
I...
Hank.
Dad.
We did it.
Aunt Kara?
Oh. no.
Are you too injured
to hug Jonathan Kent?
-Did I hurt you?
-No. it's...
This thing
is running out of power.
It's gotta take me back.
But I'm. I'm not ready.
It will be fine. Jonathan Kent.
Go to the future.
I cannot wait to meet you there.
Mom. Dad. I...
I have to go.
I just wish we had more time.
Me too. son.
You saved my life.
Thank you. Jon.
Am I allowed to be proud
of you?
Too late. I'm so proud of you.
Thanks. Mom.
I love you both so much.
Wait. Jon.
How do you know you can go back?
How do you know
things will be better this time?
'Cause we'll all be there.
Together.
Lois. I-I don't have
my glasses.
How bad is the truck?
You don't need your glasses.
And it's pretty bad.
Aw. Pa's gonna be
so disappointed.
No. he won't.
We saved the city...
and we saved Superman.
Lois...
My powers...
Something happened
during the fight.
I-I pulled too much out of them.
I can't feel them anymore.
They're gone.
I can't protect us. I...
I can't be Superman
for you anymore.
Maybe we didn't save Superman.
But we saved you. Clark.
And we saved the future.
Didn't we?
We've captured one
of the renegades.
High Commander.
Jonathan Lane.
My regards to your mother.
I hear you're trying
to travel back to the past.
That really doesn't work for me.
Where would you even get
an idea like that?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today